North Carolina’s premiere Country Club, @Trump_Charlotte offers golf, tennis, a fitness facility &amp; aquatic center 
The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
A great new book just out, “Game of Thorns,” by Doug Wead, Presidential Historian and best selling author. The book… 
Join me this Saturday in Wheeling, West Virginia at 7pmE! Tickets:  
@vin7768. Thanks Vincent!
He @BarackObama promised to close Gitmo in his first year. It is still open 3 years later and about to get a (cont) 
Housing prices will be going up big league--a great time to buy--good luck!
The new President of OPEC is Mahmoud Ahmadinejad’s confidant Rostam Ghasemi, a commander of the Revolutionar… (cont) 
@BarackObama has a record low 39% Gallup approval rating. Why so high?
Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs....
Why should we have any defense cuts in any deal? America must remain strong.
THe 2012 election is the most important in my lifetime. We must nominate a candidate who will win and will roll back @BarackObama's damage.
Doing the @todayshow with @MLauer was great- I really like Matt.
It is incredible that with a very strong dollar and virtually no inflation, the outside world blowing up around us,… 
The rigged Dem Primary, one of the biggest political stories in years, got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night. Disgraceful!
@theBrianGentry Great advice. My Dad (also a developer) always reminded me that "we're in the problem solving business."  So true!
@RoyalStr8tFlush  Wow, good competition!
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno, Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at: 
Hope we all enjoy  @60Minutes tomorrow night. I do believe they will treat me fairly!
@gary4205   Thanks Gary.
We boarded the helicopter for Sarasota earlier &amp; will be landing soon! See you there. #Trump2016 
Via @Newsmax_Media: “Donald Trump 2016: 8 Facts About Personal Life of GOP Presidential Hopeful” 
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM.
@Wsutt                 "@realDonaldTrump Are you redoing the Red Course @ Doral too?"  Yes.
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
@JCRIV305  Thank you.
See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!
Sleepy Joe Biden just admitted he worked with segregationists and separately, has already been very plain about the… 
Hypocrite! in '06 @BarackObama called private equity "the best opportunity for long-term economic vitality" 
Via @DMRegister by @brianneDMR:“Trump: Bring back jobs from overseas”  Let's Make America Great Again!
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum going! It's a big factor in sustaining your success. Keep moving forward!
“History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Why did @AGSchneiderman have to fill out 3 successive ballots on Election Day? And this is our A.G.
Looking forward to 3:30 P.M. meeting today at the White House. We have to protect &amp; build our Steel and Aluminum In… 
As everybody knows, but the haters &amp; losers refuse to acknowledge, I do not wear a “wig.” My hair may not be perfect but it’s mine.
Via @PPDNews: "Donald Trump: ‘I Am Not Doing This For Fun,’ We Can’t Fix U.S. ‘Unless We Put Right Person’ In WH" 
Why the nation's debt keeps growing - a Dept of Agriculture employee made over $242K with a $63K bonus    Ridiculous.
Australia is luring US workers to mine the Outback with fast-track visas. Australia's unemployment is 4.9% and (cont) 
There's nothing like fall in #NewYorkCity. See where @TrumpCollection recommends you take in the season's beauty: 
I am in Toronto checking the great Trump International Hotel - highest rated hotel in Canada. It is a beauty!
Anything in this very interesting world is possible, but I believe that Kim Jong Un fully realizes the great econom… 
Sorry folks, but Donald Trump is far richer and much better looking than dopey @mcuban!
I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow.
It's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming, we need some fast!
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!
Great meeting w/ NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share &amp; focus on… 
China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China… 
Make no mistake, Obamacare is the first step towards changing our health system into single payer. Just a disaster.
Soon to be the greatest hotel in U.S. don_trump_jr  @ivankatrump @erictrump  #OldPostOffice 
Not only giving out money, but Obama will be seen today standing in water and rain like he is a real President --- don't fall for it.
Was going to do a phoner this morning with @jaketapper on @CNN but they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. Will do next week.
Omarosa always promises and delivers high drama...
Word is that @Greta Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at @NBC &amp; @Comcast because she refused to go along w/ 'Trump hate!'
@pastorcab  True.
Hillary said she was under sniper fire (while surrounded by USSS.) Turned out to be a total lie. She is not fit to… 
It makes me feel so good to hit "sleazebags" back -- much better than seeing a psychiatrist (which I never have!)
A massive crowd that Fake News &amp; some Dems didn’t want to Report! 
Designed by @jacknicklaus, Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point's 18-hole course sits by the Bronx's Whitestone Bridge 
@tanjas_world  Tanja--never give up!
Via @eonline: "Donald Trump wants Katherine Webb for Miss USA judge" 
@BrettNPU32  Happy Birthday
China controls North Korea. So now besides cyber hacking us all day, they are using the Norks to taunt us.  China is a major threat.
The Failing New York Times wrote another phony story. It was political pundit Doug Schoen, not a Ukrainian business… 
The new Pope is a humble man, very much like me, which probably explains why I like him so much!
Obama: “I will control Ebola.” = Obama: “If you like your health care plan, you can keep your healthcare plan.”
Why the hell did we help the Libyan "rebels" in the first place. That is the real scandal.
Thank you. 
Just returned home to the beautiful White House, from Dallas, where the Arena was packed to the rafters with the gr… 
If the Dems (Crooked Hillary) got elected, your stocks would be down 50% from values on Election Day. Now they have… 
I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M. Enjoy! @FoxNews
As long as we open our eyes to God’s grace - and open our hearts to God’s love - then America will forever be the l… 
With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate, Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation, rather than 51. Can't get votes, END NOW!
Wishing former President Jimmy Carter a speedy recovery from his hip surgery earlier today. He was in such good spi… 
China is DREAMING that Sleepy Joe Biden, or any of the others, gets elected in 2020. They LOVE ripping off America!
I'm sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via The Economist. 32%! 
My @foxandfriends interview discussing #MissUSA Olivia Culpo, the job numbers &amp; the waste of the Obama stimulus 
@salefisher - Jordan is great!
The language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough, but this was not the language used. What was really tough wa… 
“Set the example, and you’ll be a magnet for the right people. That’s the best way to work with people you like.” – Think Like a Champion
Bad! Total foreign holdings of US debt continue to increase with China increasing its holding a 2nd straight month 
Mexican leadership has been laughing at us for many years but now it’s no longer laughter—it’s disbelief...
Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!
The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to stir up and anger the pols and as many people as possible seldo… 
Great Coach, Great Guy! 
Happy belated birthday to Chris Wallace! Chris does a great job every week on @FoxNewsSunday. Like father, like son.
It's Tuesday--how much inflation has @BarackObama's spending caused today on the price of food and gas?
The Boston Globe, which was sold to the the Failing New York Times for 1.3 BILLION DOLLARS (plus 800 million dollar… 
It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the @WhiteHouse today! 
I will be going to Atlanta, Georgia tomorrow—here’s the info:  Hope to see you there! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
The ultimate vacation destination, @TrumpPanama’s sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind 
I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided "spin" that followed. This despite the really bad microphone.
The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax continues, all because Jeff Sessions didn’t tell me he was going to recuse himself...I… 
Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
The situation with Russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to World War III. WE NEED GREAT LEADERSHIP FAST
Did you ever see a situation so ridiculous as our President explaining what, when and where to Congress about a Syrian attack. Far too late!
@Jconstantinides @HowardStern  Thanks Jimmy.
It is hard to believe I am winning by so much when I am treated so badly by the media.  New @CNN Poll amazing in ALL categories. 21 pt. Lead
ICYMI, my @ABC7News Washington Business Report interview with @ABC7Rebecca: “Trump Has Big Plans for D.C.” 
@DeannaSpillyard Sikorsky 76
My interview last night with Greta on the GOP going El Foldo 
I know Shia LaBeouf @thecampaignbook and when sober, a really nice guy. Must get act together fast before too late.
Thank you Newt!  
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!
Will do, thanks.  
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!
The Lion, The Witch And Donald Trump's Wardrobe"  By @AbeGarver @Forbes
Try to develop a tempo when you're working--momentum is something you have to work at to maintain, &amp; is an important element of success.
Boring &amp; failing @NYMag’s 3rd rate political reporter @jheil had flunky @DanAmira write a totally false report about me today......
Great honor to receive today's endorsement of @RickSantorum. Really nice! #Trump2016
Isn't it ridiculous, starting today, new Ebola screenings go into effect for people coming from West Africa. Just stop the flights dummies!
I am pleased to announce that I had the Union Leader removed from the upcoming debate. 
For all those sick degenerates contemplating a knockout attack, please remember the late, great Charles Bronson-no more crime!
Sarasota,FL local GOP on August 26th is a very hot ticket. Their biggest event ever. I will be there- as "Statesman of the Year".
Fire at Trump Tower is out. Very confined (well built building). Firemen (and women) did a great job. THANK YOU!
Good Morning America weather headline for U.S. - "NEVER ENDING COLD"
Failing @GlennBeck lost all credibility. Not only was he fired @ FOX, he would have voted for Clinton over McCain. 
@kstan500 Happy birthday Kyle.
We could use the Balanced Budget Amendment--Politicians don't have the will to cut spending.
Wow, Bernie Sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10% (it is actually over 20%) and for  African American youth - 51%.
America’s police officers have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation. In moments of danger &amp; despair you a… 
Congratulations to @ScottKWalker of Wisconsin--a great victory. A smart and tough guy. Great going.
@DomMarino21 Thanks Dom.
I'll be on @gretawire On the Record tonight to talk about the ObamaCare fiasco--7 pm on Fox News
“Anonymous Sources are really starting to BURN the media.” @FoxNews The fact is that many anonymous sources don’t e… 
@mstang_13  I hope so.
President Obama has absolutely no control (or respect) over the African American community-they have fared so poorly under his presidency.
China is actually placing propaganda ads in the Des Moines Register and other papers, made to look like news. That’… 
Obama at big debate disadvantage--he just can't get away from his bad record.
Develop your gut instincts and act on them. You will have your biggest successes when you go with your gut--but be very smart &amp; careful.
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
Tremendous success tonight. Thank you to all!
@TrumpGolfLA is the top public course in the country with magnificent Pacific Ocean views  
Obama doesn't know what he's doing. His foreign policy is a disaster. Libya, Egypt, Iraq, Afghanistan--all (cont) 
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing why the Fed shouldn't do a QE3, @BarackObama's college records &amp; 2012 election  
Just landed in North Dakota with @SenJohnHoeven and @RepKevinCramer. We will see everyone at Scheels Arena shortly! 
@djRandyRan Happy Birthday.
Receiving @AmericanCancer Lifetime Achievement Award & chairing @FollowLola debut @CarnegieHall on Jan.19 
“....(The Witch Hunt) in time likely will become recognized as the greatest scandal in American political history,… 
Consumer Sentiment hit its highest level in 17 years this year. Sentiment fell 11% in 2015, an Obama year, and rose… 
Little @DonnyDeutsch, whose show, like his previous shoebiz tries, is a disaster, has been saying that I had been a… 
Slippery James Comey, the worst FBI Director in history, was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation wh… 
Robert Mueller and Leakin’ Lyin’ James Comey are Best Friends, just one of many Mueller Conflicts of Interest. And… 
Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s.Pay up!
@JillToma  Hi Amy, see you soon.
Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
See the amazing views from @TrumpGolfLA located directly on the Pacific Ocean- 
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. -- Latin Proverb
I will be on the @todayshow tomorrow morning to make a major announcement about a television show. Stay tuned!
Farmers will be a a very BIG and FAST beneficiary of our deal with China. They intend to start purchasing agricultu… 
Remember to take time this weekend to relax and regroup. It will pay major dividends for the next week.
China's business interests reach far and wide---even domestically within our borders. We need to reassess our relationship.
Providing backstage commentary at the Miss USA Pageant will be comedic mother-daughter duo Joan and Melissa Rivers. A fantastic lineup!
@volkermillion Pretty much!
My parents: "Trust in God and be true to yourself." -- Mary MacLeod Trump "Know everything you can about what you're doing."  Fred C. Trump
I skipped a speech given years ago at Mar-a-Lago by dopey @GeorgeWill because he’s BORING—he never forgot!
“Be up front and direct with people, and they will return the favor.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Good Morning America is thrilled @Rosie is working for the @todayshow--that means almost guaranteed success for @GMA
The Trump Haters and Angry Democrats who wrote the Mueller Report were devastated by the No Collusion finding! Noth… 
Americans already believe that @PaulRyanVP is better qualified to serve as  President over @JoeBiden     No surprise.
@Insanepricing  Lots and yes.
Today The Blue Monster is torn up. The Trump National @DoralResort is being revolutionized with $200M of renovations.
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but it's far too late. 1% in Nevada!
Looking forward to being guest of honor at @ralphreed's @FFCoalition Patriot Gala Dinner on June 14th in DC. Flag day and my birthday.
@not_that_actor   A terrible situation.
“President Trump to launch 2020 Campaign in Florida!”  @foxandfriends  Tuesday will be a Big Crowd and Big Day!
My interview from yesterday with @seanhannity  
Congratulations to @serenawilliams on her superb @usopen win.  She is terrific!
Must read article by @boonepickens &amp; @AmbJohnBolton: “America’s Untapped Energy Weapon”  We don't need foreign oil!
BIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMA'S SPEECH AT 7:50 P.M. ( EASTERN). MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!
Yes--I will be live tweeting during the final debate this coming Monday.
Dopey Mort Zuckerman, owner of the worthless @NYDailyNews, has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!
Excited to be travelling to New Hampshire on Monday. The Granite State is a model for the country. Live Free or Die!
I am so glad @Rosie got fired by @Oprah. Rosie is a bully and it's always nice to see bullies go down!
Heading to Boston to see another huge crowd! My friend Tom Brady is a great competitor and golf partner. 
Likewise, the primary victims of violent crimes are in the African American and Hispanic communities. These people want LAW AND ORDER now!
Thank you to Matt Boyle  @BreitbartNews for analytical &amp; well written piece on sleazebag blogger @mckaycoppins &amp; irrelevant @BuzzFeed
Facebook has just stated that they are setting up a system to “purge” themselves of Fake News. Does that mean CNN w… 
An extended interview from the Super Bowl with @oreillyfactor airs tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
There’s a reason @mcuban’s partners can’t stand him and on top of that, the team sucks!
Cryin' Chuck Schumer stated recently, "I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer." Then acts so indignant.  #draintheswamp
When a country (USA) is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with… 
I have nothing to do with the Plaza Casino in Atlantic City. I have not been involved with Atlantic City for many years. Used to love A.C.!
The U.S. is spending fortunes at airports checking people coming in from West Africa, with uncertain results. STOP THE FLIGHTS YOU DUMB B's!
The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. That's all they are good at!
Based on the ovation last night from the Letterman @Late_Show audience, I believe it will be hard for Obama to throw $5M down the drain....
@Mike_Hamilton69 Thanks Michael!
Via @BreitbartNews’ @biggovt: “WAR! TRUMP, LEVIN PUMMEL ROVE AS CONSERVATIVE BATTLE ESCALATES” 
US News named the Top10 best hotels in the US--and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower NYC and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower Chicago are on the list!
My @foxandfriends interview discussing JP Morgan Chase, bank lending, student loans &amp; @AubreyODay's firing last night 
Turnberry- one of the most beautiful places in the world.... soon to be Trump Turnberry, a Luxury… 
Just out that the Obama Administration granted citizenship, during the terrible Iran Deal negotiation, to 2,500 Ira… 
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 - will be discussing the the Donald Sterling (Clippers) MESS!
Today, I welcomed the Victory Christian Center School. Good luck @ the Team America Rocketry Challenge! #TARC Watch… 
Join me tomorrow in Dubuque, Iowa! #IACaucus #Trump2016  
Now China 'calls in' US diplomats to lecture them on their illegal escapades.   The new reality. @BarackObama is weak.
@jeff_m_hamilton It's about time!
Congratulations to @WebbSimpson1 on winning the @PGATOUR #USOPEN this past weekend. His first Major. Well done!
Pervert alert! Sexter Anthony Weiner will be running for Mayor of New York City.
Obama's new campaign ad defends Solyndra   I guess losing $500M is a cause for celebration for @BarackObama.
Join @AmerIcan32, founded by Hall of Fame legend @JimBrownNFL32 on 1/19/2017 in Washington, D.C.… 
Less than ten days until I keynote @bobvanderplaats’ @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit. Tix going fast. 
Better off? The $16T US debt works out to $136,260 per household, a 50% increase since @BarackObama took office.
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
English taxpayers should stop subsidizing the destruction of Scotland by paying massive subsidies for ugly wind turbines.
The failing @nytimes hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping, President of China.....
College educated women want safety, security and healthcare protections – very much along with financial and econom… 
@gwhitttttton.  Thanks!
Sorry, for all of the millions of people who long to hear my brilliant words of wisdom on Fox &amp; Friends on Monday A.M., no go - in Dubai.
We better be vigilant, careful, and strong.  
Heading down to D.C. 
LIVE on #Periscope: Watch major press conference live from @TrumpTowerNY now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but he never took notes when he was with me. I don’t believe he made mem… 
When Strasburg leaves in a couple of years under free agency Washington will say " what were we doing".
The Democrats, whose votes we need in the Senate, will probably vote against Border Security and the Wall even thou… 
Flying to New Hampshire to keynote the @LoebSchool First Amendment Award Ceremony. Always great to visit the Granite State!
@rubletz True--isn't it sad!
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! #INPrimary
Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited @nytimes hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign
Judge Ken Starr, former Solicitor Generel &amp; Independent Counsel, just stated that, after two years, “there is no ev… 
The Fed's actions these past 3 years could bring record high inflation in the near future. That would be (cont) 
Was just briefed via phone by @DHSgov @SecNielsen and @FEMA @FEMA_Brock, along with @VP Mike Pence and Chief of Sta… 
“In N.H., Trump says his business experience would play well in government”  via @ConMonitorNews by @AP
I want 5G, and even 6G, technology in the United States as soon as possible. It is far more powerful, faster, and s… 
Omarosa is very confident that the execs loved her concept &amp; presentation.
I remained strong for @TigerWoods during his difficult period. He rewarded me (and himself) by winning at Trump National Doral.
My @FoxNews interview from last night with @gretawire discussing yesterday's meeting with @MittRomney  
Jerome Corsi: ”This is not justice, this is not America. This is a political prosecution. The Special Prosecutor (C… 
Don't believe the media stories. OPEC and the Saudis have not been doing us any favors recently with oil outputs. Oil should be $30/barrel.
Great new book out, “Mad Politics: Keeping Your Sanity in a World Gone Crazy” by @RealDrGina Loudon. Go out and get… 
How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time, done nothing wrong (no Collus… 
It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing @Politico is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility.
I made a great deal of money in Atlantic City, but left years ago when I saw so many political mistakes being made. I have ZERO involvement!
Mexican gov doesn't want me talking about terrible border situation &amp; horrible trade deals. Forcing Univision to get me to stop- no way!
We need jobs &amp; we need them fast. I am a job creator. None of the pols can or will. Let's Make America Great Again! 
Yankees can win today. Kuroda is a highly underrated pitcher.
This Sunday at 9/8C, the real playoffs begin with the premiere of @apprenticenbc! Game on in the Boardroom... 
Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now!
“Score one for the Donald in his battle with @AGSchneiderman.” 
The Republican establishment, out of self preservation, is concerned w/ my high poll #'s. More concerned are Dems—I beat Hillary heads up!
With the economy still on a downward trajectory, the best investment young people can make now is buying property...
@gfgpj @ThomRipley  Thanks!
ICYMI, via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: “Donald Trump to give Iowa speech on education” 
@MartinFagervik  Win!
Just landed from Paris, France. It was an incredible visit with President @EmmanuelMacron. A lot discussed and accomplished in two days!
It is also amazing how comments can be edited to provide statements that are used in a knowingly incorrect manner.
Just had a long and very good talk with President Moon of South Korea. Things are going very well, time and locatio… 
Getting ready to leave for Poland, after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday.
Dopey Prince @Alwaleed_Talal wants to control our U.S. politicians with daddy’s money. Can’t do it when I get elected. #Trump2016
The podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good, but the words will be the key.
My use of social media is not Presidential - it’s MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!
With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, I have no idea...
American league wins!
“We’ve seen NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION....I have seen nothing, the firing of James Comey and all of the aftermath, th… 
Always enjoy appearing on @extratv.  @MarioLopezExtra &amp; @mariamenounos were terrific yesterday.
Many of the Syrian rebels are radical jihadi Islamists who are murdering Christians. Why would we ever fight with them?
Will be heading to one of my favorite places, South Carolina, to fight for one of my original “fighters,” Governor… 
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily &amp; predicted victory!
I look forward to tonight's "debate" -- but look far more forward to making America great again. It can happen!
Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin, Iran, China, etc., Donald Trump or Hillary? Is there even a little doubt?
If the Democrats think they are going to waste Taxpayer Money investigating us at the House level, then we will lik… 
@jonkarl - very fair interview!
So many lives and two trillion dollars wasted, and our worst enemies will get the 2nd largest oil reserves in the World. Such stupid leaders
The new reality. ‘China Daily’ is sold in street newspaper vending machines across DC. Why not? They own the place.
Obama killed over 100k jobs by not approving Keystone XL pipeline and Canada is now selling the oil to China--very dumb!
“After The Flight 93 Election, The Vote That Saved America - And What We Still Have To Lose,” by very talented Mich… 
Yesterday, 15 @GOP senators sided with people who got into this country by breaking our laws.
@Leigh26Heather Savannah, work hard in school!
This can't continue--Federal goverment's debt jumps more than $1T for 5th straight year   China is buying the debt.
Why are we continuing to train these Afghanis who then shoot our soldiers in the back? Afghanistan is a complete waste. Time to come home!
Now AP is banning the term "illegal immigrants" What should we call them? 'Americans'?! This country's political press is amazing!
BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL!
Tweet me back if u think we should start a petition to fire @hardball_chris for his  comments on Sandy &amp; the death &amp; destruction it caused.
Isn't it intetesting that anybody who attacks President Obama is considered a racist by the real racists out there!
The U.S. has been talking to North Korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years. Talking is not the answer!
A big day for the U.S. at the United Nations!
Just reported by CNN that "the Trump halo effect"  caused a record-shattering Democratic Debate rating of 15.3 million viewers. So true!
Without more Republicans in Congress, we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order… 
@Bluecollar96 No she wouldn't- bad for show.
Washington Examiner - “MAGA list: 205 ‘historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election.”  True!
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC at 7:30 am ET
With 50 days until the election, it is #TimeToGetTough for @MittRomney &amp; @GOP
I have an idea for @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it!
The Mayor of San Juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump.
57% of Americans disagree with @BarackObama's contraception mandate on religious institutions.  He is plain wrong.
It was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago @Cubs ⚾️ to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon.… 
So funny to watch Schumer groveling. He called for the firing of bad cop James Comey many times - UNTIL I FIRED HIM!
@jutkarsh  Great and thanks.
@PeteRose_14   Once again, it is time to let all time hits leader Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. He has paid a big price!
Amazing comeback by The Heat - your friends at your favorite golf club, Trump National Doral, are proud of you. NOW for game 7!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
My exclusive @WSOC_TV interview with @BlairMiller9 discussing Trump National North Carolina &amp; future deals 
@sixelA1984 @LilJon @CelebApprentice  Raising large sums of money for charities--and they do a great job.
It was great being on @MikeAndMike in the Morning (ESPN)—two great guys, fantastic show!
The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO!
Photo of @Gretawire and me from yesterday's interview... 
@BeanAnn  Wall Street Journal &amp; lots of others, including television.
The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!
The new unemployment numbers are terrible. 522,000 more people are out of the labor force to 88,419,000.  
Dianne Gallagher @DianneG is a great reporter for News Channel 36 in Charlotte, NC. Fantastic interview--thanks!
@Israel has requested the bunker buster from the U.S.   Giving it to them will pressure Iran even further into a deal.
Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard!
The Wall Street Journal has it wrong, we are under no pressure to make a deal with China, they are under pressure t… 
@TheLanes08 Thanks.
Watch me on @Hannityshow tonight at 9PM ET on @FoxNews.
Nancy Pelosi has behaved so irrationally &amp; has gone so far to the left that she has now officially become a Radical… 
I was a big fan of Frank Robinson, both as a great player and man. He was the first African American manager in bas… 
I don’t know @SamuelLJackson, to best of my knowledge haven't played golf w/him &amp; think he does too many TV commercials—boring. Not a fan.
@ForQ2 You're nuts, go get a job.
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! 
Get out tomorrow and vote so that we can all finally say those magic words--- 
Congrats to @JimmieJohnson, a great guy, on winning Daytona!
Sincerest THANK YOU to our great Border Patrol Agent who stopped the shooter at the Synagogue in Poway, California.… 
@Itsbrttanybitch  Thanks and good luck.
@cous13  Thanks.
The Corrupt News Media is totally out of control - they have given up and don’t even care anymore. Mainstream Media… 
Congratulations to @MikeTyson on the success of his new book "Undisputed Truth" &amp; @HBO special--and thanks for the nice words, Mike.
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp; Obama Administration, there was never a special counsel appointed!
When will the Fake News Media start asking Democrats if they are OK with the hiring of Christopher Steele, a foreig… 
@MittRomney will give a great speech at CPAC today. He understands the threat from China.
US trade deficit hit $64B+ in April, 2 yr record high  We must do better. China is ripping us. Bring the jobs home!
It was great having @ArsenioHall back on this week's @ApprenticeNBC! 
Congratulations to @CharlieCrist who has now lost a statewide election in Florida as a Republican, Independent &amp; Democrat.
My @Yahoo 'Power Players' interview with @jonkarl "Inside Donald Trump’s new digs on Pennsylvania Avenue” 
Snowden is a traitor and a disgrace. Make no mistake, he is no hero. In fact he is a coward who should come back &amp; face justice.
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.
Thanks to @SenateMajLdr McConnell and the @SenateGOP we are appointing high-quality Federal District...
@WineEnthusiast’s highest rated wine in VA, @trumpwinery uses gentle techniques to produce quality wines 
The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues. There was no collusion, everybody including the Dems… 
CNBC poll: Trump won #GOPDebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  
My interview with Michael Patrick Shiels on WJIM in Lansing on behalf of @MittRomney 
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00 - hope you enjoy!
Jon Kyl will be an extraordinary Senator representing an extraordinary state, Arizona. I look forward to working with him!
My @TheBrodyFile int. from Iowa on how I would build a wall to secure our Southern Border &amp; deduct costs from Mexico 
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!
Keep talking about me: use #TrumpRoast to tweet about how good I look on @ComedyCentral tonight at 10:30/9:30c  
Glad to hear that @ralphreed's Faith and Freedom Strategy Conference this past weekend in DC was a tremendous success.
A MUST WATCH - TRULY BEAUTIFUL! "@PrivateCaddie: Amazing Turnberry Ailsa course changes from @realDonaldTrump #Golf 
My interview with @seanhannity discussing this season's @ApprenticeNBC, #TimeToGetTough, the economy and GOP primary. 
I have accepted @billmaher’s $5 million offer paid to me for charity (made on the @jayleno show).
Still a buyer’s market but somewhat fragile.  Be sure to calculate the risk of rising rates coming sooner than you think!
@KarlRove's @CrossroadsGPS new ad criticizes Obama for his excessive spending and debt, borrowing from China. Didn't Bush do the same thing?
At 9:00 P.M. @CNN, of all places, is doing a Special Report on my daughter, Ivanka. Considering it is CNN, can't imagine it will be great!
Job numbers today--- terrible! So what else is new?
@Farmersagentn8  Thanks, we'll see!
A "Lion's List" of Democrats are not attending @BarackObama's DNC Convention. The Democratic Party is in turmoil. 
I'll be appearing on Larry King Live for his final show, Thursday night at 9 p.m., CNN. Larry's been on TV for 25 years...
Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try!
Weekly jobless claims are now at an astronomical 365,000. Manufacturing sector is suffering badly. We must do better.  
DON'T LET HER FOOL US AGAIN. 
Watch @IvankaTrump show you how easy it is to #CaucusForTrump in Iowa! #IACaucus Video:  
OK, so after two years of hard work and each party trying their best to make the other party look as bad as possibl… 
Sleepy eyed @chucktodd thinks Las Vegas is a state--see @todayshow this morning.
U.S. small businesses are truly worried about rising healthcare costs and taxes   I told you so!
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
Congratulations to @ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the… 
I'm getting The Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines tonight at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!  @BretBaier
@Patti_Page Thanks Patti, I hope they vote @oreillyfactor
Many people advised me not to buy the Miss Universe pageant.  They were all wrong. The deal worked out to be a great one!
Major article in New York Times today discusses the cost of environmental damage in China and how it is RAPIDLY GROWNG! Rest of World pays.
The legendary @BarbaraJWalters will be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign on @WNTonight at 6:30 PM.
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
It is outrageous that Poisonous Synthetic Heroin Fentanyl comes pouring into the U.S. Postal System from China. We… 
Firing @lisalampanelli may have come as a surprise. She’s a strong player. But there are no losers at this late point. #sweepstweet
Downtown Manhattan’s trendiest hotel, @TrumpSoHo -- 46 stories of luxurious rooms, fine dining &amp; The Spa  
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: "Exclusive: Trump To Address South Carolina Tea Party Convention" 
A Great 4th of July! America a great country who's brightest days, with wise leadership, lie ahead.
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police
One 57 is one of the worst looking buildings I've seen in a long time, in particular its very ugly "skin."
Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!
No @JebBush, you’re pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brother’s term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down.
Under our horrible immigration laws, the Government is frequently blocked from deporting criminal aliens with viole… 
@polotodd804  This is one of the worst made and inaccurate documentaries I have ever seen. Filmmaker Mike Tollin has zero talent.Also-boring
I know a great deal about websites etc. but I am unable to understand how our government spent $635 million on the ObamaCare site-&amp; disaster
Let Pete into the Hall of Fame-  @PeteRose_14
“Don’t let the fear of striking out hold you back.” – Babe Ruth
26,000 sexual assaults or rapes reported in military last year-and that is just the number that is reported (many do not want to report).
Congratulations to Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador on becoming the next President of Mexico. I look very much forward t… 
I love Twitter.... it's like owning your own newspaper--- without the losses.
A truly great, patriotic &amp; charitable man, Bernie Marcus, the co-founder of Home Depot who, at the age of 90, is co… 
Why are @JebBush flunkies  @ananavarro and @secupp, two of the dumbest people in politics, always on the @CNN panels..and yet Poll:Trump 39
New National GOP Zogby Poll #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  
Thank you Eau Claire, Wisconsin.  #VoteTrump on Tuesday, April 5th! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I use Social Media not because I like to, but because it is the only way to fight a VERY dishonest and unfair “pres… 
Looking forward to speaking at #sparknb next week in Atlantic Canada--my first time ever.
Via @limbaugh: “Trump Doubled Down -- and It Worked”  
Donald Trump backs 'Apprentice' Randal Pinkett for N.J. Lieutenant Governor: 
@KyleMcCall4  OK--great Kyle!
Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. "Richie" devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For....
THe Art of the Deal--"The best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have." CUT, CAP and BALANCE.
The final two- @ArsenioOFFICIAL and @ClayAiken- visited yesterday- 
I am interviewed on the  @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Then at 10:00, I am interviewed by @donlemon on @CNN. Enjoy!
Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  #CTPrimary #DEPrimary #MDPrimary #PAPrimary #RIPrimary 
@KJLLeonard Thanks!
All across this nation, we pray for our country and we THANK GOD for our United States Marines! Thank you. God Bles… 
Thank you New Orleans, Louisiana! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrump  
@JAMES_G_W  Dummy, I never went bankrupt.
What about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in San Fran. Get smart!
Via @NRO: "Palin, Trump Get Longer Speaking Slots at CPAC" by @KatrinoTrinko 
Who is the dumbest man on TV? @Lawrence of MSNBC... 
I can’t believe the great @wjcarter got canned by @nytimes. He was a fantastic reporter &amp; really knew entertainment. He will be missed!
@leechsam   Thanks Sam, and it's doing great!
As has been stated by numerous legal scholars, I have the absolute right to PARDON myself, but why would I do that… 
Drop A-Rod in the order and cut his salary based on unreported drug use. Also, not a pressure player.
The people of Puerto Rico are wonderful but the inept politicians are trying to use the massive and ridiculously hi… 
Many good conversations with North Korea-it is going well! In the meantime, no Rocket Launches or Nuclear Testing i… 
With respect to Iran, we have all the cards--they are scared stiff! I can't believe we aren't able to negotiate (cont) 
Follow @MELANIATRUMP's jewelry line on @QVC site 
“America is the experiment that works.” – President Ronald Reagan
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
Was with great people last night in Fort Myer, Virginia. The future of our country is strong!
Via @TheScotsman: “Donald Trump’s @TrumpTurnberry plan gets go-ahead” 
Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon!
Now Michelle Obama plays class warfare while fundraising   Why is anyone donating to a (cont) 
See you soon Arizona! #Trump2016 
Had the opposition party (no, not the Media) won the election, the Stock Market would be down at least 10,000 point… 
I don’t know why our allies are so surprised Obama is tapping their phones? Nothing changes!
Florida Governor Ron DeSantis just signed Bill banning Sanctuary Cities in State, &amp; forcing all law enforcement age… 
Melania will be on QVC tomorrow night at 9 p.m. ET to introduce her beautiful and inspiring Melania Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry collection.
@10AJMcCarron  AJ is a GREAT quarterback who is finally being recognized as such - a total winner. What a pass!
If @MittRomney has a good debate tomorrow night, Obama is finished!
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. #DNC
@KWierzba  Never give up--keep at it!
Congratulations to Billy Payne and  @AugustaNational on doing the right thing.
Be sure to watch #CelebApprentice on Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC. Another great episode! 
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper &amp; have been consistent- I will repeal all of #ObamaCare, including the mandate, period.
Will be going to Detroit, Michigan (love), today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State &amp; U.S. Already happening!
Additionally, @CelebApprentice ranked as the #1 program in the 9-11 pm time period with adults in the 25-54  age group.
Sadly, this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  
@DelonMackenze  Thanks.
The people of Scotland love the golf course I have built-it is now considered perhaps the greatest ever built! Thank you also to Robb Report
Wow, the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the "Trump phenomena"
My @FoxNews interview with @megynkelly discussing the 2012 election and the Newsmax-@iontv debate 
We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico. Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates,...
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
Sneak peek of Trump's trio of spectacular new seaside holes on the famed Ailsa course/@TrumpTurnberry  
“Biden would be China’s Dream Candidate, because there would be no more Tariffs, no more demands that China stop st… 
@foodnfocus Happy Valentine's Day!
I have agreed with the historically cooperative, disciplined approach that we have engaged in with Robert Mueller (… 
Getting ready for the big news conference in Dubai. It should all be happening in the U.S., but it isn't - SAD!
I will be doing @foxandfriends at 8.00 a.m.
Via @Newsmax_Media by @wandacarruthers: “Trump: GOP on Edge of Winning 'Big' and Forcing Obama to Act” 
Young entrepreneurs –  Remember that your first deals are the most important of your career. Win &amp; gain confidence.
Via @GolfweekMag by @BKleinGolfweek: “Donald Trump reopens Doral's Blue Monster” 
Headline reads" Rubio passes Bush in Florida poll" -- Unfair, because Trump destroys them both! Trump 31.5%, Rubio 19.2%, Bush 11.3%
The Republicans were out maneuvered once again in the payroll tax debacle. They just can't seem to get it (cont) 
@ErolYalim  Thanks and yes.
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz &amp; Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved
I am so honored by all the great NY State Repubs who came to my office, called &amp; wrote for me to run for Governor. If I do, I will win.
Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitating,therefore invitation is withdrawn!
Why does a failed magazine like @Forbes constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down. @Clare_OC
Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama—but nobody else does!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on @FoxNews at 2:00 P.M. and 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Verlander is great but  very beatable. Does not have a good ERA in playoff games
New episode starting now!
Pakistani intelligence had full knowledge that Bin Laden was living in Abbottabad.  They were sheltering him.
Thank you, New Hampshire! Great people -- see you next week! 
Now they say obese women may cause Autism in children- nonsense, they use any excuse. The FDA should immediately (cont) 
Very good numbers on the economy. Much potential for growth. Trade deals being negotiated or being set up for negot… 
Once again, #MSM is dishonest. "Schlonged" is not vulgar. When I said Hillary got "schlonged" that meant beaten badly.
W/ the ransom Obama paid for deserter Bergdhal, getting Mexico to release USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi is much harder. #BringBackOurMarine
Via The Political Insider: “Donald Trump Just Received The Best News Possible!”   
Our gov’t should immediately stop sending $’s to Mexico, no friend, until they release Marine &amp; stop allowing immigrant inflow into U.S.
It is time to rebuild OUR country, to bring back OUR jobs, to restore OUR dreams, &amp; yes, to put #AmericaFirst! TY O… 
I am happy to announce that the @PGAGrandSlam will be held at @TrumpGolfLA this year!  Follow @TrumpGolf for more!
The contract to build the ObamaCare website was given to a CANADIAN company for $55, 744, 081. It then bloated to $292, 071,067 INCOMPETENCE
“A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone.” - Henry A. Kissinger
Sorry folks, got to go to work now - but "I'll be baaaaack"!
Looking forward to visiting Mason City, Iowa, tomorrow. Will be my 8th day in the Hawkeye State this year! 
“A Catastrophic Media Failure” 
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg!
“Jay Leno points out that comedy (on the very boring late night shows) is totally one-sided. It’s tough when there’… 
I feel so badly for Mark Cuban-the Dallas Mavericks were just eliminated from the playoffs and his partners are pissed. Very sad!
The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?
Success tip: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
When President Obama ingloriously fired Jim Mattis, I gave him a second chance. Some thought I shouldn’t, I thought… 
The new reality – China’s demand for oil now controls the market   And OPEC gets away with ripping us off at $105!
I greatly appreciate Nancy Pelosi’s statement against impeachment, but everyone must remember the minor fact that I… 
New Blog Post: Celebrity Apprentice Finale and Lessons Learned Along the Way: 
The brand new manuscript for a new book by failed lawyer Michael Cohen shows his testimony was a total lie! Pundits should only use it.
A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
If you don’t treat yourself like royalty, no one else will. @TrumpWaikiki is Honolulu's most luxurious hotel 
All predictions re: my 12 o'clock release are totally incorrect.  Stay tuned!
A very interesting take from @KatiePavlich: 
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Moon Jae-in of the Republic of Korea to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇰🇷 
The people of Venezuela are standing for FREEDOM and DEMOCRACY – and the United States of America is standing right by their side!
I hope we never find life on other planets because there's no doubt that the U.S. Government will start sending them money!
@jpickering1                      "@realDonaldTrump How long until a Trump Golf Course hosts a major?" Very soon!
John Heilemann, the lightweight reporter begging to be on@morning joe, looks like a timebomb waiting to explode-he's a nervous and sad mess!
Derek Jeter broke ankle one day after he sold his apartment in Trump World Tower.
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue.
@TheTinaBeast is claiming that she decided to leave the @thedailybeast. Sure, just like every other magazine that fired her.
Today I spoke @LibertyU Convocation, a great crowd... 
We are getting rid of all Glenfiddich garbage alcohol from Trump properties.
A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. Thank you Abbas! 
Celebrity Apprentice on tonight - CNBC at 9
Thank you @oreillyfactor for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been @TIME Magazine's Person of the Year. You should run Time!
Now China is threatening our allies who share defense pacts with us, the latest is the Philippines    Very aggressive
Only in America can a Jihadi thug who murdered women and children be nursed back to health &amp; then get a @RollingStone cover.
In just 2 days, the people of Tennessee are going to elect @VoteMarsha Blackburn to the United States Senate to pro… 
America is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance, including more than 250 years worth of beautiful clean coal… 
@charliemurphy   Just remember, Arsenio wouldn't be back at all if it were not for Donald J. Trump - he admits that - he will do great!
As a sign of good faith, Mexico should immediately stop the flow of people and drugs through their country and to o… 
John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image, not negative ads on me.
Thank you @GolfMagazine for your fantastic review of The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral - "BEST U.S. RESORT RENOVATION" - &amp; "ALL TIME"
@Salas24Juan  Thanks Juan!
He made a great contribution to the press--@AndrewBreitbart will be missed.
Wow, even lowly Rand Paul has just past @JebBush in the new @CNN Poll. Jeb is at 3%, I'm at 39%. Stop throwing your money down the drain!
“Some events will wipe out one person but will make another even more tenacious.” – Think Like a Champion
Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong!  Also,… 
A must read, Andy McCarthy’s column today, “Dirty dealings of dirt devils who concocted Trump-Russia probe.” The gr… 
The crowd in South Carolina was amazing. We set records and had a great time. Will be back soon.
Thank you Ohio! VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States! Watch:… 
I had a great meeting with President Xi of China yesterday, far better than expected. I agreed not to increase the… 
The Miss Universe Pageant raked in some great ratings!  A great job by everyone.
As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded, there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign. As… 
Thank you @USNavy! #USA 
@workplayeat   Thanks, only the haters disagree!
A strong military makes us respected by our allies &amp; feared by our enemies. Let’s Make America Great Again! 
So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?
Via @NOLAnews by @DaveWalkerTV: "Donald Trump praises @Joan_Rivers as 'strong,' 'vibrant' in @ApprenticeNBC return" 
THANK YOU, WISCONSIN! #VoteTrump  next Tuesday, April 5th! #WIPrimary  
Get ALL the info,  then quick trial, then death penalty for the Boston killer of innocent children and people! Do not be kind.
If you can’t see it, you can’t make it happen. Entrepreneurs, chase your dreams with resolute focus &amp; determination. Be positive!
Will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow this morning at 7:00. Talking about politics, polls and whatever. Enjoy!
I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people!
My wonderful daughter, Ivanka, will be interviewed tonight by Steve Hilton on “The Next Revolution.” @FoxNews 9:00… 
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
Looks like Obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from West Africa. What the hell is wrong with this guy?
Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher &amp; sharper
Join @avenueinsider &amp; @trumpsoho for a New Year's giveaway complete w/ tickets to downtown's most chic 2015 party. 
I am in Dubai with Damac.  PLACE IS BOOMING - AMAZING! Major news conference in two hours. Announcing luxury villas and major golf course.
Never said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti is, obviously, a very poor and troubled country. Nev… 
More records! #MAGA 
“Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.” - Vince Lombardi
The phony Club For Growth, which asked me in writing for $1,000,000 (I said no), is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!
China, OPEC, Russia and Iran no longer respect us--@BarackObama's foreign policies have proved that weakness is provocative.
@TheNordicBroad Thank you.
@antbaxter @MailOnline  They only suffered by watching your 3rd rate documentary (which bombed).
I'm doing The David Letterman Show tonight -should be interesting!
Join me in Reno, Nevada tomorrow at 3:30pm! #AmericaFirst #MAGA Tickets: 
@erinstockwell.  Thanks.
I will replace it with private plans, health savings accounts, &amp; allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice &amp; freedom for consumer.
Ivanka and Joan Rivers will be working hard tonight at the Live Finale - everybody must watch the OPENING at 9.
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC.
“Why in the world didn’t Barack Obama fire this guy (Comey)?” asks Mark Levin!
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans, illegal immigration, etc.
Two more weeks until the July 10th opening- 
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T!
Getting ready to do the David Letterman @Late_Show  tonight—I hope you all will watch—I think!
@BrocktonConwell Great! Thanks.
@shouldtrumprun Hundreds of thousands of supporters have already gone to and joined the movement at shouldtrumprun.com   Have you?
@TimWristen They must go to a larger screen.
The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.
Thanks Mark, will be fun. 
Get your ballots in Colorado - I will see you soon -- and we will win! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you! 
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
The losing team is now back in boardroom. I can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
“No President in modern times has kept more promises than Donald Trump!” Thank you Bill Bennett @SteveHiltonx
Congratulations to @serenawilliams. I agree with John McEnroe--she's the greatest women's tennis player of all time.
Wow, great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you! 
One of my many Twitter followers suggested Obama should take my offer &amp; give $1,250,000 to each family of the four... 
Our country is looking very bad right now!
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!
Wow, what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous  danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U.S.
I will be doing a major sit down interview on State of the Union With Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN. Enjoy!
Doing Fox and Friends in two minutes!
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates, Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada
Latin America’s tallest building @TrumpPanama is the perfect getaway location to celebrate the New Year in luxury 
@stenbizzle @Tomdoggy Thanks--has been great for Scotland.
While everyone is waiting and prepared for us to attack Syria, maybe we should knock the hell out of Iran and their nuclear capabilities?
@PhakzenVanKlipz  Only tell the political truth--thanks.
Now China is helping Iran smuggle nuclear parts  . China is not an ally but our country's greatest threat &amp; rival.
We should stop talking, stay out of Syria and other countries that hate us, rebuild our own country and make it strong and great again-USA!
The President has until tomorrow at 12 noon to pick up $5M for his favorite charity. Looking like he won't be doing it. What is he hiding?
Media silent when @BarackObama  called @MittRomney a murderer &amp; felon. Mitt mentions 'birth certificate' and they go nuts. Double standard!
Congratulations Secretary Mattis! 
We deserve all the answers on Benghazi!  @RepWOLFPress
@LefteyDowns @austinroneil Great!
If @BarackObama had to use the same labor participation he had when he entered office then the unemployment number would be 11.2%
@CarlCICahn   Carl, keep lt going, I have a lot of Apple stock. Push them to QUICKLY come out with a larger screen for the I-PHone (Samsung)
@SocialMediaBowl  I have just responded!
Great going.
Our enemy China is illegally buying oil from our enemy Iran  China loves it!
@JNorr11  Yes--and thanks.
THANK YOU California, Maryland, New York, and Pennsylvania! See you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
“What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Lots of autism and vaccine response. Stop these massive doses immediately. Go back to single, spread out shots! What do we have to lose.
The U.S. manufacturing sector has suffered its greatest order losses under @BarackObama. He has stood idle while China steals our jobs.
Keystone must be approved through Congress. @BarackObama is costing America over 20,000 jobs and driving the price of gas high.
Nice to see Obama released a situation room photo from Sandy.  How about releasing the photo taken during Benghazi?
@AnubisJudge  Happy Birthday!
As a presidential candidate, I have instructed my long-time doctor to issue, within two weeks, a full medical report-it will show perfection
Forty -six million Americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line. #TimeToGetTough
Happy to have @GroverNorquist endorsement of the Newsmax-@iontv debate I am moderating 
“Leadership is perhaps the key to getting any job done.” – The Art of The Deal
Kentucky has a chance to have the Senate Majority Leader, Mitch McConnell, representing it in Washington. Big power for State. Don't blow it
Happy Memorial Day! Those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is d… 
@SeanKAnderson Great!
Leading by 13 over Landrieu in a @FoxNews poll, @BillCassidy will beat her in November.
Midas Touch emphasizes the importance of entrepreneurs—they create jobs! 
Is Anthony Weiner a jerk or what!
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
@dszippit Very nice question, thank you Danny.
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster
If you look at the horrible picture on the front page of the NY Times of the "rebels" executing prisoners, you would say forget the rebels!
@MrD1202  Have passion for your work and keep focused.
Happy Constitution Day! 
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends @foxandfriends at 7.00 a.m. (30 minutes). Enjoy!
Great article by Chris Ruddy @Newsmax_Media: "@AnnDRomney and Jackie's Example" 
Marist/NPR/PBS Poll shows President Trump’s approval rating among Latinos going to 50%, an increase in one year of… 
UPCOMING RALLIES - JOIN ME!  TOMORROW Fletcher, NC @ 12pm.    SATURDAY Cleveland, OH @ 7pm.  
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader wanted ads, lunches, donations, speeches from me, and tweets---very unethical.
BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL! This is the new theme, for two years until the Wall is finished (under construction… 
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
For information on Trump University victory, call Alan Garten, Esquire, at 212.836.3203 or Jeff Goldman, Esquire, at 212.867.4466.
My @foxandfriends int. on Benghazi cover up, the ObamaCare mess &amp; firing @TheRealMarilu  on @ApprenticeNBC  
Just read @marklevinshow’s bestseller book—really great!
WORKING TOGETHER, we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic &amp; free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse.… 
Will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. Big wins last night!
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS "A COMPLETE FRAUD!"  @OANN
Thank you, Iowa! #Trump2016 
In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci, he wanted to endorse me 1st, before the Republican Primaries started, but didn't think I was running!
@jwhurter                 "@realDonaldTrump Are your ties available in South Africa?"  You can order them online @Macys.com
Congratulations to Bret Michaels, the new Celebrity Apprentice. Bret's a true champion, all of us were happy to see him and to see him win!
Taking a photo with my family on the opening day of Trump International Golf Links Scotland- 
@random5   You can and you will--work hard.
You've got something unique to offer. Find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist?
Can’t wait for @DylanByers’ follow up @politico piece discussing my large Sunday news shows ratings win because of my interview!
So much Fake News. Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. But through it all, our country is doing great!
Thanks to all for your thoughtful birthday wishes – Donald Trump
It never ends!  
Remember how @ObamaCare did not have any tort reform? Now the trial lawyers are getting ready for even more lawsuits 
What a great group!  With @Schwarzenegger, @SammartinoBruno, and @TripleH. #WWEHOF
Before I bought the site, the Sun Times had the biggest, ugliest sign Chicago has ever seen. Mine is magnificent and popular.
@rilwanemeje  Thank you.
Behind the scenes video with “Uncle Sam” (eagle’s name) and me. 
Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You have to trust yourself and your instincts.
January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.
In business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. Time for the US gov't to do the same. Let’s Make America Great Again!
While on FAKE NEWS @CNN, Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!
I have to admit @AlexSalmond is a tough, smart guy. He is formidable by any standard!
Take a look at this amazing photo of the cast from the first ever All Star @CelebApprentice 
My @CPACnews speech is scheduled Friday at 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Will also be telecast live on CSPAN &amp; cable news networks.
The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media "screaming" for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next, she was a bad candidate!
In 2011 I said that Mubarak never should have been ousted because whoever replaces him will be worse.  Obama made a mistake.
@KingOf_Class Thank you.
Great defense by the @nyjets this weekend—congratulations to @woodyjohnson4—only 6 points allowed!
Just out — in Arizona, SIGNATURES DON’T MATCH. Electoral corruption - Call for a new Election? We must protect our Democracy!
@afolasoji So true.
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases &amp; soft, crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history &amp; the WALL!
Enjoyed watching @MonicaCrowley's analysis of my @BillOreilly interview. Great points! Thank you, Monica.
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!
Very sad that Republican donors were targeted by Obama’s IRS.
@evaemery Never give up. You have what it takes.
Barack Obama is an unlucky president--unlucky for our country. Foreign policy is a disaster, economy is terrible--what's next?
What did you think of my decision? #CelebApprentice
Many journalists are honest and great - but some are knowingly dishonest and basic scum. They should.be weeded out!
@GolfDigestMag  Big news from Scotland on Turnberry (which, by the way, blows Pinehurst away!) tomorrow morning. Stay tuned.
No surprise. @DNC displayed Russian ships in tribute to vets   Did they mean to honor the Russians?
45 year low on illegal border crossings this year. Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Count… 
Scotland will be so lucky if this monstrosity is not built—I will tie them up in courts for years, if necessary.
The @timestribune - "@EricTrump: Eyes are on Northeast Pa. with gas development"  
Now with the Danger-Weiner campaign dead, time to focus on crazy Eliot Spitzer. A man who has never earned 10 cents in his life.
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was never given or shown a Transcript or Video of the Saudi Consulate event. FAKE NEWS!
Johnny Miller correctly very critical of greens at Pinehurst. Said they should be "redone"
“The biggest abuse of power and corruption scandal in our history, and it’s much worse than we thought. Andrew McCa… 
Obama Administration legalized bump stocks. BAD IDEA. As I promised, today the Department of Justice will issue the… 
Obama’s offer to Iran will not stop Iran’s breakout capability. It is a bad, desperate deal negotiated from weakness. Pass sanctions!
“Never think of learning as a burden. It may require some discipline, but it prepares you for a new beginning.”– Think Like a Champion
Turn to QVC now to watch Melania - really good stuff!
Obama is a terrible negotiator. He bails out Chrysler and now Chrysler wants to send all Jeep manufacturing to China--and will!
58,000 non-citizens voted in Texas, with 95,000 non-citizens registered to vote. These numbers are just the tip of… 
Our Nation grieves at the unspeakable violence that took a precious young life and badly injured others in Colorado… 
Tom "marbles in his mouth" Brokaw once thanked me for the great success of the Apprentice for NBC. Now, he calls (cont) 
@roysj   Unlike you, stupid, I became a big stock market investor a couple of years ago because the dollar is going to hell &amp; false low int.
If Nancy Pelosi thinks that Walls are “immoral,” why isn’t she requesting that we take down all of the existing Wal… 
I will do far more for women than Hillary, and I will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!
Congrats @TrumpToronto for being ranked #1 on @TripAdvisor and a Travellers' Choice 2013 Winner!
Third rate reporters Amy Chozick and Maggie Haberman of the failing @nytimes are totally in the Hillary circle of bias. Think about Bill!
National Review @NRO may  be going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done by @JonahNRO. No talent means death - sad!
My interview with @IngrahamAngle discussing the Newsmax-@iontv debate and #TimeToGetTough 
We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans.
All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy, but good. 
Congress, use the power of the purse. STOP AMNESTY!
House Republicans could easily pass a Bill on Strong Border Security but remember, it still has to pass in the Sena… 
Happy Birthday @IvankaTrump! You are an amazing daughter!
Hagel's performance yesterday was the worst I have ever seen before a committee of any kind!
The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer!
Constitutional law expert  #Laurence Tribe of Harvard says "wrong to say it (natural born citizen) is a settled matter-it isn't settled).
Which National Costume do you think should win? 
It is finally happening for our great clean coal miners! 
@sAygO_P  I am very truthful!
Going to play golf right now with @AbeShinzo. Japan loves the game. Tremendous fans of @JackNicklaus, @TigerWoods,… 
@GregE_IoM. Only in your weak mind!
Watch my appearances on Good Day NY...  and @FoxandFriends... 
Via @Suntimes’ @CSTsizzle by @BILLZWECKER: “The Donald Shares Insights into @ApprenticeNBC” 
@ebrumby   Thank you.
Isn’t it amazing that @Macys paid a massive fine for profiling African Americans--&amp; then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!
@THESethFriend Thanks Seth!
Will be a big and exciting day at the White House for Social Media!
Chicago, don't forget tix for @EricTrumpFdn Wine Tasting Fundraiser @TrumpChicago 11/22. Proceeds benefit @StJude 
Is this boring or is it just me? #Oscars
Remember - get out on November 8th &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16. It is time to #DrainTheSwamp -- this is our last chance! 
The Arab Spring has turned into the Islamist Winter.  Our ally @Israel is in a perilous position.  We must stand behind @Israel.
I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!'
Obama is not working. US Manufacturing orders fell a record 13.9% in August. Where's the recovery? 
@Manos_Panos  Love what you do!
I want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
We are working hard at the Border, but we need a WALL!  In 2018, 1.7 million pounds of narcotics seized, 17,000 adu… 
Entrepreneurs: Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. Don't sell yourself short!
I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for...
@HLDRPiper73  Thank you.
Thank you for soooo many nice comments regarding my Oval Office speech. A very interesting experience!
On my way to Iowa. Will be landing in Des Moines in two hours. See ya!
Once John Kasich announced he was running for president, and opened his mouth, people realized he was a complete &amp; total dud!
Via @kcautv: “Donald Trump Coming to Sioux City in May” 
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016 
“Disability applications plunge as economy strengthens”  Failing New York Times
Wow, I love stimulating debate and driving certain people crazy-the Generals were forced to do something they didn't want to do (not me).
Big Rally tomorrow night in Orlando, Florida, looks to be setting records. We are building large movie screens outs… 
Remember this, Andrew McCabe didn’t go to the bathroom without the approval of Leakin’ James Comey!
The notion of the "Arab Spring" is a canard. The Middle East is being conquered by Islamic radicals with th… (cont) 
@Bertoldo1269 @billmaher  True!
Bilateral Breakfast with NATO Secretary General in Brussels, Belgium... 
Over the course of the past two days, the United States and China have held candid and constructive conversations o… 
Surprised @Eagles signed Michael Vick yesterday to be their 2013 QB. Vick is  talented but brittle &amp; probably won't last long.
I guess @edshow is a lot smarter than dopes like @JonahNRO &amp; @stephenfhayes. Oh well, both mags are dying anyway. 
Wow, l just found out that A.G. Schneiderman met with President Obama in Syracuse on Thursday --- and sued me on Saturday! Same as IRS etc.
Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the "ban" case and now the "sanctuary" case is brought in ...
Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election. Fake News doesn't spent much time on this!
Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience, work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!
Great evening last night, thank you! 
@ShawnaTova  Very nice, thanks.
Interview with David Muir of @ABC News in 10 minutes. Enjoy!
Will be on @foxandfriends  now. Enjoy!
In one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI now says it is missing five months worth of lovers Strzok-Pag… 
“Compete with yourself to be the best you can be.” – Think Like a Champion
Tomorrw is #TRUMPTuesday on @SquawkCNBC. Be sure to tune in at 7:30AM EST.
I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies!
For reasons only they can explain, the @USChamber wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better.
Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 10:00. There is so much to talk about!
“What will be disclosed is that there was no basis for these FISA Warrants, that the important information was kept… 
Q1 GDP has just been revised down to 1.9%   The economy is in deep trouble.
Iraq was one of our biggest mistakes. We got absolutely nothing for our sacrifices.The country will collapse (cont) 
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M.
There must be a higher standard of accuracy in the media. Incredible that some so-called "journalists" can make up lies and get away with it
Looking forward to @VinceMcMahon inducting me into @WWE Hall of Fame this Saturday in @TheGarden. #WWEHOF #WrestleMania
Via @espn: @dallasmavs “most likely scenario remains finishing a frustrating ninth in the West” 
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
The Trump Signature Collection is the best menswear design for young entrepreneurs. Great style &amp; design exclusively available @Macys.
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 
Today @BarackObama will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from China. Just another day at the office.
Broken promises. A broken billion dollar website. ObamaCare can’t be fixed. Repeal!
@opus_6 Thanks
@Dzeroseven   Wrong!
@pbrooks65. Great taste, enjoy!
Some members of the media are very Angry at the Fake Story in the New York Times. They actually called to complain… 
The reason I am staying in Bedminster, N. J., a beautiful community, is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings!
General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!
President Xi and I have a very strong and personal relationship. He and I are the only two people that can bring ab… 
We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure, and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in t… 
Everyone is telling me that @EliotSpitzer is going to run against lightweight @AGSchneiderman--Spitzer would win!
See @IvankaTrump on the cover of @HudsonMOD? View the digital edition: 
Trade talks going on with numerous countries that, for many years, have not treated the United States fairly. In the end, all will be happy!
Just had a long and very good call with President Xi of China. Deal is moving along very well. If made, it will be… 
Our economy is better than it has been in many decades. Businesses are coming back to America like never before. Ch… 
Things are really getting ridiculous. The Failing and Crooked (but not as Crooked as Hillary Clinton) @nytimes has… 
Wow! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. Warner did no… 
Our country is being torn apart from the inside--it's getting nasty out there.
I will be interviewed by @DavidMuir tonight at 10 o'clock on @ABC. Will be my first interview from the White House.… 
Packed venue of people who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
My @greta int. discussing $25,000 gift to USMC Tahmooressi, Obama’s trip to China &amp; the 2014 election results 
WITCH HUNT!
Glad to see that the Egyptian Army is releasing Mubarek. As we see, Obama never should have abandoned him. He was an ally.
People are so jealous of Tom Brady and the Patriots. No court could convict based on the evidence.They can't beat him on the field, so this!
Another example of @BarackObama's diplomatic triumphs--he gave the Queen of England an iIPod filled with his speeches.
As I have been saying. Only the beginning: "ISIS Suspects Arrested in Turkey, 150 European Passports Seized." 
@TheBig_Easy Ernie--You are doing a great job with #autismsupport--glad to help. See you at Trump National, Jupiter.
The Oil Companies collude with OPEC to keep oil artificially overvalued. They need to be reigned in.
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE." Very unfair!
We have spent over $1 Billion on the  Libya operation. What are we getting back?
@beverlism  Good place!
Things are going really well for our economy, a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing!… 
Congratulations to @gretawire on the 11 year anniversary of @FoxNews 'On the Record.' Always enjoy being interviewed by Greta. She's great.
Florida Highway Patrol Troopers are all en route to the Panhandle, from all across the state of Florida - to help t… 
Apparently @MartinBashir said something about me on his show yesterday.  I was surprised to find out he is on TV.  Who knew?!
“Concentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory.” - Bill Russell
An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person I have such tremendous respect for. Thank you, Sheldon! 
The 18th hole at the Blue Monster @Doral in Miami is considered the toughest finishing hole in golf... 
Thank you! #Trump2016 
@seanhannity   Thanks Sean, keep up the good work!
Too busy playing golf? @BarackObama sends form letters with an electronic  signature to the parents of fallen SEALs   
A storied franchise with a loyal fanbase, @buffalobills should remain in Buffalo.
Thank you Jason Greenblatt @JasonDovEsq "For Our Children: Let's Elect Donald Trump"  
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!
@BarackObama doesn't believe in the Supreme Court or its power--I thought he was a constitutional lawyer. Why (cont) 
I am a handwriting analyst. Jack Lew’s handwriting shows, while strange, that he is very secretive—not necessarily a bad thing.
@NYMag  True!
46 stories above downtown New York, @TrumpSoHo features loft-inspired interiors designed by Fendi Casa 
On this Memorial Day holiday, we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. They are our country’s finest.
Gas prices are about to hit a record high during the Labor Day weekend. @BarackObama could have stopped this.
@Vincent_Moretti   Thank you.
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
People love @LilJon!  #CelebApprentice
Thank you Charlie! 
Gee, @meetthepress with @chucktodd was getting terrible ratings then, with me,  he set records - I saved his job, but Chuck still not nice!
Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated, "Ted Cruz is not eligible to be President." Big problem
The New York Times should never have moved out of their magnificent, original home...
Whether you have someone managing your finances or you're doing it yourself, money, like anything, takes maintenance &amp; planning to grow.
Thank you Iowa! I appreciate all of your support @IowaCentral &amp; @ethanolbyPOET this evening! #Trump2016 #IACaucus 
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
The @rydercup is currently going on--and is one of the truly great sporting events.
Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him, he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!
I encourage everyone in the path of #HurricaneHarvey to heed the advice &amp; orders of their local and state officials. 
Mar-a-Lago is Florida’s most lavish and exclusive private club and spa with world class amenities 
On Fifth Avenue, the iconic @TrumpTowerNY is one of NYC's most heavily visited tourist attractions 
@morningmika   I'm watching Joe (who is 100% correct on Afghanistan) fondling the once great Time Magazine-so sad to see how skimpy it is!
36 hrs Central Park as seen in @nytimes including a stop @TrumpNewYork for a bite in @Nougatine_NYC. Full article 
Wouldn't it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts.....
A note from the fabulous Mark Burnett:  “Donald, congratulations again, we are #1 in the 10:00pm hour. I am tweeting about it.”
The paid D.C. protesters are now ready to REALLY protest because they haven’t gotten their checks - in other words,… 
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, &amp; their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
@KillngAmerJobs   They will mostly vote for Dems.
Was just presented the concept and parameters of the Border Security Deal by hard working Senator Richard Shelby. L… 
Re Megyn Kelly quote: "you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever" (NOSE). Just got on w/thought
Check out my speech from last Friday  as well as my appearance this morning on @foxandfriends 
No cuts to welfare, no cuts to food stamps &amp; NOT A SINGLE CUT TO OBAMACARE, yet the new budget cuts military benefits. Sad!
What ever happened to the good old days of The Academy Awards. This show is an insult to the past, just plain bad!
Billions of dollars are, and will be, coming into United States coffers because of Tariffs. Great also for negotiat… 
Please tell me what is going on with the Republicans?
@hialexcarlson Thanks--just common sense.
China's the leading exporter of Iraqi oil yet they won’t lift a finger against ISIS. Why should we do the heavy lifting for China’s gain?
My interview with @Newsmax_Media at the Sarasota "Statesman of the Year" award dinner discussing the 2012 election 
Very little reporting about the GREAT GDP numbers announced yesterday (3.0 despite the big hurricane hits). Best consecutive Q's in years!
Under our President, ISIS is gaining great strength- 
Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets, Chris Stirewalt &amp; Marc Threaten (a Bushy) who do exactly what she says. All polls say I won debates
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader, Yale and then Harvard Law, who would make a GREAT Governor of… 
@sdoocy @BroRay You always look great on TV, even without a Trump tie!
Art Laffer just said that he doesn't know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves!  @FoxNews
My @LateNightJimmy interview with @jimmyfallon discussing the new season of All-Star @CelebApprentice 
@theHunterWatts  Thanks, enjoy.
Thank you Indiana, I love you! 
A preview of this Sunday's The Celebrity Apprentice 
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone has to get out and VOTE on 11/8/16.  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain… 
The 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Democrat Senator Mark Warner is acting and talking like he is in total control of the Senate Intelligence Committee… 
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
If you can’t handle the hard times that come with business then you will never be able to celebrate the successes. Focus &amp; Stay Positive.
@PeterThiele  Thanks Peter.
@craig_longislnd   Thanks Craig.
@foxandfriends  “New Bombshell in the Obama Spying Scandal. Did other Agencies SPY on Trump Campaign?” Even Clapper… 
Congratulations to Jesse Angelo on being named publisher of the @nypost.  He will do a great job!
As the Shutdown was going on, Nancy Pelosi asked me to give the State of the Union Address. I agreed. She then chan… 
I’ve been waiting all weekend. Democrats must get to work now. Border must be secured!
The Senate Intelligence Committee: THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA!
Part 2 of my @jimmyfallon interview giving away some @CelebApprentice spoilers &amp; discussing 2012 Miss Universe Pageant 
Respected Morning Consult poll just out. I lead all Republicans and beat Hillary head to head by a wide margin- 45 to 40!
The @nytimes states today that DJT believes "more countries should acquire nuclear weapons." How dishonest are they. I never said this!
Clapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign. Large dollars were paid to the Spy, far beyond norma… 
The roads and sidewalks, airports and bridges, are perfect in Dubai. Everything looks clean &amp; strong. In U.S.,  everything is falling apart!
There is no reason for these massive, deadly and costly forest fires in California except that forest management is… 
In today's #trumpvlog @RepWeiner, the Secret Service, and Dick Clark..... 
North Korea has not conducted a Missile Test since November 28, 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meet… 
Happy birthday to @garyplayer, a truly great Champion and Person!
“Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful.” -- Norman Vincent Peale
“My advice to you regarding momentum is definitive: Get yours going!” – Think Like a Champion
Via @LasVegasSun by Eugene R. Dunn: “Impeach Obama and elect Trump” 
Very surprised that China would be doing this? 
Former Obama White House economic adviser @Austan_Goolsbee gave his old boss a 'C' on the economy   Pretty generous!
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection's new line is out @Macys --ties, shirts, accessories -- great &amp; going fast! 
Florida has been very good to me. I am really esxcited to give back at the Sarasota GOP event and @RNC convention. Will be fun!
@uptownfrills  True!
The "protesters" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!
@BarackObama is trying to pass another stimulus after the first was a complete failure. Does he really believe we are that stupid?
He makes a mistake "every hour, every day" admits @BarackObama.   The problem is that we are paying for them.
If JP Morgan took their case through the courts for 15 years, nobody would be suing them—easy target.
My people caught the person who committed "forgery" of the James Gandolfini-Obama Care phoney quote attributed to me-fraud. Arrest coming?
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
Thank you Oklahoma &amp; Virginia!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 
After 5 SB victories since 2002, it was my honor to give Bob Kraft, Coach Belichick, and the players their first to… 
I was very much looking forward to having a press conference just prior to leaving Argentina because we have had su… 
Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border &amp; save lives. Now the full House &amp; Senate must act!… 
@CathyConstanti1 @billmaher  Thanks!
As China is built on corporate espionage, currency manipulation &amp; cheap labor, its economy is a ticking time bomb 
This week’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC features another memorable Board Room rumble between @piersmorgan &amp; @OMAROSA.
Earlier today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain to the… 
Well, we all did it, together! I hope the "MOVEMENT" fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Let's set the all time record!
@RealSonnyNewman  Pay attention and have fun.
“If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - John Wooden
Do as I say, not as I do.The politicians who passed ObamaCare are now exempting themselves from the monstrosity 
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well!
Spoke at the Congressional @GOP Retreat in Philadelphia, PA. this afternoon w/ @VP, @SenateMajLdr, @SpeakerRyan. Th… 
Looking forward to being honored at @citadelgop’s Patriot Dinner with @SenatorTimScott in Charleston, SC this Sunday 
@digiphile @RedCross RT if you think Pres.Obama should release his records to get $5M for charity--for Red Cross or another great charity
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his  primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!
Benghazi is bigger than Watergate.  Don’t let Obama get away with allowing Americans to die.  Kick him out of office tomorrow.
@DannyZuker is a weak and ineffective guy with a long string of failed shows who got his ass kicked last night.He's afraid to make the wager
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker  Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!
“Relax &amp; clear your mind if someone is speaking, so that you’re receptive to what they’re saying.” – Roger Ailes, You are the Message
Yesterday there was yet another massive intelligence leak by the @BarackObama administration. 
I will be doing the A.L.S. Ice Bucket Challenge this morning on twitter. It is not something I look forward to doing but is for a good cause
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
@BarackObama's job bill contains the word 'Tax' over 330 times--that will sure work!
It's amazing how many people still come up to me to thank me for 'The Art of The Deal.' The book has changed a lot of lives.
On the heels of the VERY successful launch of the @WhiteHouse National Council for the American Worker, Congress sh… 
Fracking poses ZERO health risks   In fact, it increases our national security by making us energy independent.
Jailed USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi should be released immediately. Since when does Mexico care about border security?#BringBackOurMarine
DACA is dead because the Democrats didn’t care or act, and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon... No… 
We have given Syria so much time and information-there has never been such an instance in wartime history. Syria is now fully prepared!
Thanks Ari! 
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT! It should never be allowed to happen again!
On Anthony Wiener, I TOLD YOU SO!
@devanalexisb  Thanks
@JoeWMiller Thanks Joe!
Thank you. 
Amazing rally in Reno, Nevada- thank you. Make sure you get out on 11/8 &amp; VOTE #TrumpPence16. Together, we will put… 
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
The failing @NRO National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate
Last week's episode of the Celebrity Apprentice set the stage for a great new season. Tune in this Sunday on NBC for even more excitement.
I will be announcing my Second Term Presidential Run with First Lady Melania, Vice President Mike Pence, and Second… 
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
@princeetornam They had both interest and aptitude. They've done a terrific job.
Memorial Day is a time to honor our nation's finest who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. God bless them all.
The United States needs to fix its own problems, of which there are many, first!
If the press would cover me accurately &amp; honorably, I would have far less reason to "tweet." Sadly, I don't know if that will ever happen!
Thanks for the nice commentary from the @washtimes 
Via gatewaypundit: “Donald Trump: “Anthony Weiner is a Whack-Job Pervert” (Video)” 
Same failing @nytimes "reporter" who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!
Congratulations David, a very big deal! 
My @FoxNews @megynkelly int. on why I am considering running for POTUS, negotiations &amp; making America great again 
“It’s sad—truly sad and disgraceful—the way Obama has allowed America to be abused and kicked around (cont) 
States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to… 
My int. on @FoxNews’ @oreillyfactor: “Donald Trump, presidential politics and 'The Factor'” 
Thx, and from a better quotation source: "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." -- Wayne Gretzky
Houston, TX:   Las Vegas, NV   Phoenix, AZ:  
Via @TWtravelnews by Robert Silk: “Renovations make Trump's Doral a showcase once again” 
@euanhay You can have a round on me!
Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat: 
Great to see @AGPamBondi launch a cutting-edge statewide school safety APP in Florida today - named by Parkland Sur… 
Just departed for the #G20 Summit in Osaka, Japan!🇺🇸🇯🇵 
I didn't suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism &amp; have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect America
Fact – every successful GOP Senate candidate just elected ran on repealing ObamaCare. In January, it’s time to move!
Going over to @TodayShow now to introduce @ApprenticeNBC cast etc.-- watch.
I heard that the underachieving John King of @CNN on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily, few people are watching - dead network!
I am in Miami at Trump National Doral. Just gave out contract to build a new ballroom and luxury suites. Blue Monster complete-opens Dec 14.
How could Obama leave those American heroes out to die in Benghazi?  And he continues to lie to the public!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See media—asking for increase!
ObamaCare is an absolute disaster which will destroy 16% of the economy and ultimately more!
Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED!
As ONE UNITED NATION, we will work, we will pray, and we will fight for the day when every family across our land c… 
Republicans will totally protect people with Pre-Existing Conditions, Democrats will not! Vote Republican.
@Jarboni72 @billmaher Thanks!
Senator Bob Corker just stated that, “I’m so priveledged to serve in the Senate for twelve years, and that’s what I… 
@ahdeeaustin  I know and appreciate it!
Via @nbc6: “@MissUniverse Pageant Coming to @TrumpDoral in 2015” 
Our Farmers deserve this, they are GREAT! 
It was my honor to attend today’s #ArmyNavyGame in Philadelphia. A GREAT game played all around by our HEROES. Cong… 
I am surprised husband is staying with Paula Broadwell--how long can it last?
@Nic_Keller @LilJon  Thanks.
@kylejkrantz True!
Congratulations to two great and hardworking guys, Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie, on the success of their just… 
More thoughts on the debt ceiling in today's #trumpvlog... 
New @RNC report calls for embracing “comprehensive immigration reform.”  Does the @RNC have a death wish?
With all of the Fake and Made Up News out there, Iran can have no idea what is actually going on!
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation @CBSNews at 10:30 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY!
Great decision by Donald Graham @Newsweek to sell. I'll now have to take my newsweek covers off the wall.
This is just not the right time for Jeb Bush. His campaign is in total disarray, too much staff being paid way too much money = U.S. GOVT.
Good luck to the people of Scotland, whatever their decision may be on Thursday. The whole world is watching—really exciting!
The riots in Charlottesville a year ago resulted in senseless death and division. We must come together as a nation… 
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Negotiation includes a lot of fine lines--and that's what makes it an art.
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: "DONALD TRUMP: MSM INVESTIGATION INTO SCOTT WALKER’S COLLEGE A ‘DOUBLE STANDARD’" 
Rick Scott was up by 50,000+ votes on Election Day, now they “found” many votes and he is only up 15,000 votes. “Th… 
If @BarackObama had such a wonderful academic record why wouldn't he want to show it?
Very proud of perhaps the greatest golf course anywhere in the world. Also, furthers U.K. relationship! 
Bob Schieffer will do a great job tonight. Always treated me fairly.
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC, 7:30 AM. Tune in!
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland. 
A year ago the pundits &amp; talking heads, people that couldn’t do the job before, were begging for conciliation and p… 
New #ReutersPoll. Thank you America!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 
What is Obama thinking? 
I totally agree! 
A study says @Autism is out of control--a 78% increase in 10 years. Stop giving monstrous combined vaccinations (cont) 
I am watching the New York mayoral race very closely…
Thank you for the wonderful welcome @WEF! #Davos2018 
As everybody is aware, the past Administration has long been asking for three hostages to be released from a North… 
Entrepreneurs:  See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. Take responsibility for yourself!
Irresponsible! In the last 6 months @BarackObama has held over 100 fundraisers and not a single meeting with his Job Council.
My Administration is taking groundbreaking action to bring new hope to millions of Americans suffering from kidney… 
China is raising its defense budget by 11%   @BarackObama wants to cut ours by over $1Trillion. Wrong policy.
I wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the United States as they watch the disgusting and out of control Baltimore riots?
Much of the Wall being built at the Southern Border is a complete demolition and rebuilding of old and worthless ba… 
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didn't inherit it, I won it with millions of voters!
FLASHBACK -  October 9, 2012: “Donald Trump: Jobs Numbers Are 'A Lot Of Monkey Business'”   Proven right again!
